README.md, before:

# Who-s-that-Pokemon

## Description

This is a hangman style game that is Pokémon themed. The user picks what generation they would like their Pokémon to come from and then they can try to guess the word. Ten wrong guesses means a game over.

## Installation

The application can be found at https://karra-ormsby.github.io/Who-s-that-Pokemon/

## Usage

When the user loads the game page they will see cards representing all the available generations of Pokémon to choose from. The user can then click on whichever card they wish to start the game.

The user will the see a field of blanks (_) that represent each missing letter in the word, as well as greyed out hangman. The user can then press letters on their keyboard to guess a letter (user on tablets and mobile will see a touch screen keyboard appear below this field go blanks). If a correct letter is guessed all instances of that letter in the word will be filled in. If a wrong letter is guessed a part of the hangman will be filled in and the incorrect letter will be displayed below the field of blanks to remind the user of what letter they have already guessed.

The game ends when either the user correctly guesses the word or when they have had ten incorrect guesses. Once the game is over the user will be brought to a page that shows the sprite of the Pokémon and play the Pokémon’s cry. If the user lost it will also tell the user what the word was. 

The user can then click the ‘Play Again’ button to start the game again.

## Images



## Credits

Thanks to David Johnston for helping with the keyboaard on touch screen devices and for find the Pokémon API used for sprites and cries.

Commit message:

tidying up files into folders. Changing out images on cards on landing page. adding images to README.

README.md, after:

# Who-s-that-Pokemon

## Description

This is a hangman style game that is Pokémon themed. The user picks what generation they would like their Pokémon to come from and then they can try to guess the word. Ten wrong guesses means a game over.

## Installation

The application can be found at https://karra-ormsby.github.io/Who-s-that-Pokemon/

## Usage

When the user loads the game page they will see cards representing all the available generations of Pokémon to choose from. The user can then click on whichever card they wish to start the game.

The user will the see a field of blanks (_) that represent each missing letter in the word, as well as greyed out hangman. The user can then press letters on their keyboard to guess a letter (user on tablets and mobile will see a touch screen keyboard appear below this field go blanks). If a correct letter is guessed all instances of that letter in the word will be filled in. If a wrong letter is guessed a part of the hangman will be filled in and the incorrect letter will be displayed below the field of blanks to remind the user of what letter they have already guessed.

The game ends when either the user correctly guesses the word or when they have had ten incorrect guesses. Once the game is over the user will be brought to a page that shows the sprite of the Pokémon and play the Pokémon’s cry. If the user lost it will also tell the user what the word was. 

The user can then click the ‘Play Again’ button to start the game again.

## Images

![landing page](./images/landingPage.png)
![gameboard](./images/gamboard.png)
![gameboard wrong guess](./images/gamboardWrongGuess.png)
![game win](./images/Win.png)
![game loss](./images/Loss.png)


## Credits

Thanks to David Johnston from General Assembly for helping with the keyboaard on touch screen devices and for find the Pokémon API used for sprites and cries.

Pokémon starter image from victor on Pintrest.
